This visualisation, inspired by radar graphs, tries to show the main factors
that contribute to the Eurozone crisis. Apart from showing how the situation
worsened over time, it also shows how the disparity within the Eurozone
increased.

I selected the indicators according to what I, being no expert, considered to
affect the crisis or show its effects. There are indicators that could have been
added but were not because they did not demonstrate the effects of the crisis
(such as external debt). There are also indicators that I would like to have
added, but was unable to obtain sufficient data for (such as private debt).

I found the difference between January 2006 and October 2011 quite striking and
to convey the crisis quite well -- apart from higher debt, interest rates, etc,
the ring is much wider, with some countries not much worse off but others
considerably so. Inflation on the other hand, the only measured that is
controlled centrally by the ECB to a large extent, does not show this wide gap,
suggesting that some sort of increased central governance could improve the
situation.

In my opinion, the unique point about this visualisation is that it shows a
large amount of data in a way that does not require the reader to understand it
in depth to understand the message. Down is bad, the ring moved down over time
and became wider, demonstrating a larger disparity. On the other hand, the
visualisation has enough depth to provide the interested reader with more
information. Each individual indicator can be studied as well as its change over
time.

The online version should work with any modern browser, but the "halo" effect
used to make the numbers on the axes more readable only seems to display
properly in Chromium/Chrome. I used d3.js for the graphics and JQuery UI for
some of the interface components.
